DOC-7523 -- Remove Inter-sync-gateway v1 and v2 references (#328)
couchbase/docs-sync-gateway: modules/ROOT/pages/_partials/incpg-icr-initialization.adoc

+
--
* Multiple identical replicators can be initiated on a Sync Gateway node provided each has a unique `replication_Id`.

> * SG Replicate and Inter-Sync{nbsp}Gateway replications can run on the same node, but you must ensure that they each have a different `replication_id`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  inter-Sync{nbsp}Gateway replications introduced in Sync Gateway 2.8 as well as SG-Replicate can run on the same node, but you must ensure that they each have a different `replication_id`.
```

* The user under which replication is being run must have read and write access to the data being replicated.
* Exponential backoff when connection lost; this can be customized using the {xref-sgw-pg-config-properties-db-rep-backoff} configuration setting.

> * Inter-Sync{nbsp}Gateway replications will continue trying to connect for 30 minutes following authentication failure (including user-invalid/doesn't exist).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* replications will continue trying to connect for 30 minutes following authentication failure (including user-invalid/doesn't exist).
```

== Generic Constraints

> .Replicating using Inter-Sync{nbsp}Gateway Replication

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Replication
```
Again, we should not be treating this as a name. It like saying "Replicating using Peer-to-Peer Sync" or "Replication using CBL Sync" ...Please treat it as such throughout the doc

Use your `sync` function to ensure a consistent approach is applied across all clusters.

Mixing Inter-Sync Gateway Replication Versions::

> Both Inter-Sync Gateway and SG Replicate replications can legitimately be in use at the same time, especially during transition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Versions of inter-Sync Gateway replications introduced in 2.8 and the previous version with SG Replicate can legitimately be in use at the same time, especially during transition.
```

> However, you should avoid initializing identical Inter-Sync Gateway and SG Replicate replications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, you should avoid initializing identical replications using version introduced in 2.8 and pre-2.8 version with SG Replicate.
```
